Humor is a fundamental part of the existentialist
ethic. That's able to deal with absurdity. Yeah. You gotta like laugh at.
It. <laugh> yeah, I think there is some, I love,
let me just say something about humor, cuz I think you're absolutely right.
Kard who is Danish and you know,
most people think deeply depressed and then on he's actually an incredibly funny
writer and someone who was a classmate of mine graduate school who
left philosophy to become a Hollywood comedy writer. Mm-hmm <affirmative> uh,
he's very successful guy.
And then he came back 25 years later and wrote, finished his dissertation.
And I was the,
the reader on the dissert and there may be a conflict of interest.
I'm not quite sure <laugh> but, but uh, his dissertation was about,
he called it Kard and the funny, which is a good title, kind of a funny title.
Yeah. But, but ki guard, according to Eric Kaplan's reading, um,
Kard has, um,
does have this idea that there's something de stable about humor.
That's crucial to the sort of
the important possibilities for us. And, and so he,
there's the idea that like there's a moment when a joke is being set up
when you're sort of proceeding as if you're on stable ground mm-hmm
<affirmative> and then the punchline comes and the rug is pulled out from under
you. And for a moment it's like, you're falling. You don't, you, you,
there's nothing supporting you <laugh> until you're captured by your
totally new understanding of what was going on.
And that humor necessary has that kind of destabilizing
feature to it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and that's like the riskiness that's like the riskiness
that you were, you were pointing to. If, if there aren't risks in your life,
if your life is totally safe, then there's no possibility of significance.
And so I think on Eric's reading,
Kard sort of wants to line up up the importance of the riskiness and
vulnerability in your life to it's having meaning mm-hmm <affirmative> with the
experience of destabilization that you get in jokes in comedy,
um, which then becomes significant, right? That when you,
when you remember having heard a joke for the first time,
it's gotta kind of salience for.